
# Participants:
 - Mike Park
 - Joshua Krakos
 - Dan Ibanez
 - Christos Tsolakis
 - Nikos Chrisochoides
 - Todd Michal
 - Tiffany

# Agenda
- Journal paper, INRIA planning separate Wolf paper, adaptive results in UGAWG and Wolf papers
- OM6 err est paper to journal
- two draft papers submitted to MVCE with Wymann
  - parallel execution
  - error estimation verification
- Michal World Congress Computational Mechanics Talk

# SciTech Dates
- Author Notification: 31 August 2018   
- NASA/Boeing review deadlines 04 Nov 2018
- Manuscript Deadline: 04 December 2018 2000 hrs Eastern Time Zone, USA.

# Parallel SciTech 2019 Paper
- Fill in tables that are start
- Add curved geometry? OM6? C = 50K or 100K
- August expect time table
- Two test cases will be used: 
  - The first one  will be a unit cube with the quarter cylinder the analytic metric described at [CITE Marcum Frederic paper]
  - The other will be determined later, suggestions are welcome for the next meeting. Maybe something from the NASA common research set ?
- For the cube case we will use three subcases each  with a goal of generating different number of elements. 1 million, 100 million 1 Billion
- Each participating software may run on any kind of hardware with as many cores as needed.
- Add specs of the machine : core frequency, amount (and speed) of RAM, number of cores, etc.
- In the results include tets/sec or vertices/sec as a measure of performance
- include performance of sequential code i.e., single core. 

# Err Est SciTech 2019 Paper
 - Focus on OM6 TMR Case 2308: Minf=0.84, Rec_root=14.6 x 106, AoA=3.06 deg, Tinf=540 R.
 - Include analytic scalar field? Add example to refine 
   - analytic hessian from scalar
 - Mike, Aravind, Kyle
   - FUN3D-FV and FUN3D-SFE with  refine multiscale metric + refine grid mechanics
   - analytic metric example
   - refine multiscale metric:
     - compare k-exact and L2-projection Hessian reconstruction,
     - show impact of gradation control
 - Todd, Josh, and Dmitry
   - analytic metric example
   - FUN3D-FV with Boeing tools
   - GGNS+EPIC with the refine multiscale metric and Boeing multiscale metric
   - GGNS+refine with the refine multiscale metric and Boeing multiscale metric
 - Adrien and Frederic
   - Wolf+Feflo.a with the refine multiscale metric and INRIA multiscale metric
   - Wolf+refine with the refine multiscale metric and INRIA multiscale metric
 - Hugh and Marshall
   - SANS+MOESS with refine and EPIC
   - SANS+refine multiscale metric with refine and EPIC
 - Nicolas
   - Does your group have a compressible flow solver?
     If not, we could also include an analytic function like
     Adrien's AIAA-2007-4186 paper.

# Discussion
- k-exact nodal Hessian reconstruction produces better
  results than L2-Projection for multiscale metric
- disabling gradation (or making very large, 10) produces better
  results for multiscale metric
- Working towards more complex geometries

# 2nd AIAA Geometry and Mesh Generation Workshop
 - http://www.gmgworkshop.com/gmgw2.shtml
 - January 5-6, 2019 before SciTech
 - Case 1: Exascale Meshing of the HL-CRM
 - Case 2: GMGW-1 Remeshing of the HL-CRM
 - Case 3: OPAM-1 Parametric Remeshing
 - Special Presentation: The NASA HL-CRM Wind Tunnel Model – A Geometry-Handling Perspective
 - Mini-Symposium: Mesh Effects on CFD Flow Solutions
 - Participant's submissions for each case are due on 30 Sep 2018
 - Website has links to geometry on high lift workshop

# Next meeting 14:00 UTC 19-July-2018 (via Boeing webex) 
- Every third Thursday going forward



