
# Participants:
- Mike Park
- Josh Krakos
- Marshall Galbraith
- Dmitry Kamenetskiy
- Pei Li

- Nick Wyman
- Phil Caplan

# HiFi CFD verification Follow on
  - smooth body and flat plate WMLES mini session after AVIATION
    - https://wmles.umd.edu/workshops/
  - planning underway (test cases: RANS SA rotation correction? OM6, JFM, 2D)

# 3rd AIAA Geometry and Mesh Generation and 4th High Lift Prediction Workshops
  - AVIATION papers
    - Park ADAPT TFG
    - Wood FUN3D Adapt
    - INRIA Adapt?
    - Ahmad FUN3D expert-mesh and WMLES
    - Marshall HO TFG
  - Did lower variation stem from mesh adaptation or lower iterative error
    - Partner with RANS TFG? ADAPT TFG participants also ran fixed-mesh
    - Nick to start email with RANS TFG
  - Dmitry to update HO results (share multiple error estimate plot with Mike for summary)
    
# SIAM International Meshing Roundtable Workshop 2023 (SIAM IMR23)
- https://internationalmeshingroundtable.com/
- 6-9 March 2023, Amsterdam
- After SIAM Conference on Computational Science and Engineering (CSE23)
  - https://www.siam.org/conferences/cm/conference/cse23

# Next Next paper ideas (or topics for graduate students)
- linear mesh behavior for curved geometry
- multiscale (Hessian) radial gradient becomes tangential 2nd derivative
- does MOESS L2-norm or RANS show the same level of tangential refinement
- P1 vs. P2 (does high order capture the solution curvature)
- transform curved domain to Cartesian
- transform to cylindrical coordinates?
- scaling of shocks vs. boundary layer?
  - adaptation to Spalding law-of-wall and shock model (tanh?)
- metric gradation? impact on accuracy, solver convergence? 

# Eddy Resolving Meshing
- topic for future "exploration" paper
- create unit problems for eddy-resolving adaptation, wall models, anisotropy
- time vary analytic function to verify Barral metric
- segregate multiscale interpolation control from wall models
- infer yplus for instantaneous snapshots (yplus is RANS concept)
- consistency with wall model (meshing to a yplus expectation of wall model RANS+WMLES)
- enforce boundary condtions in the sensor
- WM-RANS-SA and explict control of y+ in RANS-SA
- HRLES blending function to control aspect ratio to compress "gray-area"
- HRLES aspect ratio controlled by DDES blending
- mesh based filter width or physics based filter width for LES
- should tetrahedra be used at wall? mixed elements at wall or interior? solver preference
- reached out to Johan Larsson to discuss anisotropy and wall model needs
- Marshall + student join discussion: WMLES mesh adapt in SANS, Statistical errors
- WMLES resolving transition, laminar separation, etc and interactions with wall models
- define test cases and propagate to the wider community

# Discussion
- Dissipation in the FV solver has huge impact on results and solver (Joukowsky airfoil)
- Tangential wiggles in shocks FV (and their wake) is resolved: limiters, flux function dissipation, etc.
- Gabe Nastac - SciTech paper on flux functions, mixed-element adapt
- Starting quad insertion in 2D with refine
- continuous err est trace(M^(-1/2)|H|M^(-1/2)) Mopt = det(|H|)^(-1/(2p+d))|H|
- discrete err est integral(|Q2-Q1|)
- is multiscale equidistributing error? tried to extend to multiple sensors
- multiscale slow on small features (nozzle) in large domains
- multiscale slow to discover/resolve nonlinear (transported) features
- shocks overresolved (unless artificial dissipation limits hessian)?
- cases with poor edge curves
- pcurve t optimization to match edge t location (slip gap)
- Discrete surrogate with equivalent edge and pcurve parameterization P1,P2,P3
  - discontinuous slope artifacts at coarse resolution 
- EGADS effective (virtual) topology
  - evaluates underlying geometry derivatives, finite-difference blend region
  - alpha testing underway

# Next full group meeting 10:00AM Eastern US 19-MAY-2022
- Every third Thursday going forward (via Boeing webex, Josh manage series)

